here in two ways and good the first
What I am going to tell you is how to improve
platinum colonies good from what
We will do will be to locate the the the building
higher no higher than good is would be
this one that is easy to locate and is like
a good tower is this is this one
good what we will do in this building
it will obviously enter and well there will be a
sir with two crossed swords or lady
or some resident
you are not in that gentleman better and good
this will allow us to improve facing
a league adapt why
to objects that have been modified
to modify and adapt will charge us
platinum coins and good and we
will change the object of the hotel adapt and
well it would be the way to improve
objects of nothing because the objects
will have the ones to improve those here in
this in this case good the following
way to improve it will be a bit strange
be it like this or the most conventional
good would be the warrior and in the elite
with musicians with spirits that
we will get killing leaders show
a spirit of him and one
we will choose any object that
we want and we will press it right click and
will let us put the good spirit
depends on the type of objects since
some let you put one is a kind of
game spirit because example there is
This game a hall and ice and
wind and good everyone has their
social properties and good some
some weapons let us put combined
two good even three but almost
the property of fire
critical
and well that would be practically everything
I wanted to go by to say hello to a
subscriber called pvp processes that
well thank you very much I send you greetings
good to transit to videos because yes
it was the same connection and see you later
it was a subscription
do not